= CLIX Flash Player

== DESCRIPTION:

This is a Command Line interface to the Flash Player for OS X.

This project was created because unlike the modern distributions of the desktop debug Flash Player on Windows and Linux, the OS X distribution does not behave properly when executed by another process.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

We need to be able to execute and focus a specific instance of the Flash Player along with a specific SWF file. The Flash Player execution thread should block until the user selects File >> Quit (or hits CMD+Q), or until the parent application is interrupted (SIGINT) using CTRL+C.

The Flash Player should be focused and still terminate whether or not a runtime exception occurs in the first frame (or any frame) of the loaded SWF file.

Our solution should work each revision of the Flash Player, from 9.0.115 and greater.

== SYNOPSIS:

You can use this application by targeting a specific, downloaded instance of the Flash Player and a SWF file as follows:

    flash_player = "Flash Player.app/Content/MacOS/Flash Player"
    swf = "bin/SomeProject.swf"

    player = CLIXFlashPlayer.new
    player.execute(flash_player, swf)


== REQUIREMENTS:

Simply executing the Flash Player on OS X does not give us the ability to focus it, or continue to control or kill it when an uncaught runtime exception is encountered.

The CLIXFlashPlayer provides full control over the process that represents the Flash Player.

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Pattern Park, Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.